Foreman 3.19.0 release notes (#4858)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Release_Notes/topics/foreman-3.19.0.adoc

* pass:[iPXE bootstrap and global handling is incorrect] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/32563[#32563]

=== Tests

* pass:[Allow plugins to import core js test config] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/39144[#39144]

=== Unattended installations

* pass:[openSUSE Leap 15 provisioning not working] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/36947[#36947]

=== Web Interface

* pass:[prevent global override of radio position] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/39275[#39275]
* pass:[Add helper method for handling bulk modal states after removal of ForemanModal] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/39134[#39134]
* pass:[Update Area Chart to PatternFly5] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/39070[#39070]
* pass:[Update PageLayout to use PF5] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/39059[#39059]
* pass:[Update BarChart to Patternfly5] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/38879[#38879]

== Hammer CLI - Foreman

* pass:[Provide empty provider_vm_specific_fields in cr::base] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/39126[#39126]
* pass:[Always print vm data, even if the provider is absent] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/39125[#39125]

== Installer

> * pass:[Impossible to generate registration command via REST API in isolated networks managed by external capsules] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/39119[#39119]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* pass:[Impossible to generate registration command via REST API in isolated networks managed by {SmartProxyServers}] - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/39119[#39119]
```

Reviewer 2: @ogajduse Can we fix the issue title to use upstream terminology and regenerate?

Author: `pass:[]` macro wraps content as raw passthrough. AsciiDoc skips all substitutions inside it, so `{SmartProxyServers}` is rendered literally instead of expanding to "Smart Proxy servers".

I've changed the issue title to "Registration command generation via REST API fails on Smart Proxy servers in isolated networks" instead.
